README.md, before:

**git-hooks** - A tool to manage project, user, and global Git hooks for multiple git repositories.

git-hooks lets hooks be installed inside git repositories, users home directory, and globally.  
When a hook is called by `git`, git-hooks will check each of these locations for the hooks to run.


Install
=======

Just download the `git-hooks` executable found in the root of this repository to a directory of your
choice and ensure that it is added to your `PATH` environment variable so `git-hooks` can be run.

**A quick note on git subcommands**: When you type `git hooks` git actually looks for an 
executable called `git-hooks`. This is done automatically, so although we're directly invoking 
the executable (`git-hooks`) in the examples below, you can also use `git hooks` interchangably, since 
git will invoke `git-hooks` in the background when you run `git hooks`.

For the latest master version, and assuming you want to put the executable in `/usr/local/bin/`:
```
$ curl -o /usr/local/bin/git-hooks https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icefox/git-hooks/master/git-hooks
$ chmod +x /usr/local/bin/git-hooks
```

Run `git-hooks --install` in a git project to tell it to use git-hooks hooks.  You can run 
`git-hooks --uninstall` at any time to revert to your previous hooks.  (These are usually the 
default hooks, which do nothing.)

Run `git-hooks --install-global` to force any new git repository or any git repository you clone 
to have a reminder to install git hooks. (It can't be on by default for security reasons.)


Overview
========

Hooks are powerful and useful.  Some common hooks include:

- Spell check the commit message.
- Verify that the code builds.
- Verify that any new files contain a copyright with the current year in it.

Hooks can be very project-specific such as:

- Verify that the project still builds
- Verify that autotests matching the modified files still pass with no errors.
- Pre-populate the commit message with a "standard" format.
- Verify that any new code follows a "standard" coding style.

Or very person-specific hooks, such as:

- Don't allow a `push` to a remote repository after 1AM, in case I break something and will be asleep.
- Don't allow a commit between 9-5 for projects in `~/personal/`, as I shouldn't be working on them during work hours.

For more details about the different hooks available to you, check out:

	   http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/githooks.html



Locations
=========

git-hooks provide a way to manage and share your hooks using three locations:

 - **User hooks**, installed in `~/.git_hooks/`
 - **Project hooks**, installed in `git_hooks/` or `.githooks/` in a project.
 - **Global hooks**, specified with the `hooks.global` configuration option.

The `contrib/` directory includes a number of useful hooks, and can be set by doing the following:

	   git config --global hooks.global $PWD/contrib/

You can even specify _multiple_ directories for your global hooks! Simply separate each path with spaces.


Listing hooks
=============

When `git-hooks` is run without arguments, it lists all hooks installed on your system.  It will run the hooks with the `--about` argument to generate the description shown.  

Check out the hooks in `contrib/` for some examples.


Creating hooks
==============

To keep things organized, git-hooks looks for scripts in **sub-directories** named after the git hook name.  For example, this project has the following `pre-commit` script in the following location:

	   git_hooks/pre-commit/bsd

Commit message:

update readme to reflect that I am merging things to my forked master now while waiting for icefox PRs to be approved

README.md, after:

(This is sweth's fork that fixes handling of things like paths with embedded whitespace, as
well as making the push hooks properly cascade stdin so that they actually work.  I've got
a PR open to icefox's repo but as that has received no response, I guess I'm maintaining a fork
here of my own with my changes merged to master so people can more easily use them?)

**git-hooks** - A tool to manage project, user, and global Git hooks for multiple git repositories.

git-hooks lets hooks be installed inside git repositories, users home directory, and globally.  
When a hook is called by `git`, git-hooks will check each of these locations for the hooks to run.


Install
=======

Just download the `git-hooks` executable found in the root of this repository to a directory of your
choice and ensure that it is added to your `PATH` environment variable so `git-hooks` can be run.

**A quick note on git subcommands**: When you type `git hooks` git actually looks for an 
executable called `git-hooks`. This is done automatically, so although we're directly invoking 
the executable (`git-hooks`) in the examples below, you can also use `git hooks` interchangably, since 
git will invoke `git-hooks` in the background when you run `git hooks`.

For the latest master version, and assuming you want to put the executable in `/usr/local/bin/`:
```
$ curl -o /usr/local/bin/git-hooks https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icefox/git-hooks/master/git-hooks
$ chmod +x /usr/local/bin/git-hooks
```

Run `git-hooks --install` in a git project to tell it to use git-hooks hooks.  You can run 
`git-hooks --uninstall` at any time to revert to your previous hooks.  (These are usually the 
default hooks, which do nothing.)

Run `git-hooks --install-global` to force any new git repository or any git repository you clone 
to have a reminder to install git hooks. (It can't be on by default for security reasons.)


Overview
========

Hooks are powerful and useful.  Some common hooks include:

- Spell check the commit message.
- Verify that the code builds.
- Verify that any new files contain a copyright with the current year in it.

Hooks can be very project-specific such as:

- Verify that the project still builds
- Verify that autotests matching the modified files still pass with no errors.
- Pre-populate the commit message with a "standard" format.
- Verify that any new code follows a "standard" coding style.

Or very person-specific hooks, such as:

- Don't allow a `push` to a remote repository after 1AM, in case I break something and will be asleep.
- Don't allow a commit between 9-5 for projects in `~/personal/`, as I shouldn't be working on them during work hours.

For more details about the different hooks available to you, check out:

	   http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/githooks.html



Locations
=========

git-hooks provide a way to manage and share your hooks using three locations:

 - **User hooks**, installed in `~/.git_hooks/`
 - **Project hooks**, installed in `git_hooks/` or `.githooks/` in a project.
 - **Global hooks**, specified with the `hooks.global` configuration option.

The `contrib/` directory includes a number of useful hooks, and can be set by doing the following:

	   git config --global hooks.global $PWD/contrib/

You can even specify _multiple_ directories for your global hooks! Simply separate each path with spaces.


Listing hooks
=============

When `git-hooks` is run without arguments, it lists all hooks installed on your system.  It will run the hooks with the `--about` argument to generate the description shown.  

Check out the hooks in `contrib/` for some examples.


Creating hooks
==============

To keep things organized, git-hooks looks for scripts in **sub-directories** named after the git hook name.  For example, this project has the following `pre-commit` script in the following location:

	   git_hooks/pre-commit/bsd
